Release (#49)
qbicsoftware/openbis-client-lib: docs/installation.rst

.. highlight:: shell

============
Installation
============

Stable release
--------------

> To install qOffer_2.0, run this command in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install openbis-client-lib, run this command in your terminal:
```

.. code-block:: console

    $ mvn install

This is the preferred method to install qOffer_2.0, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `maven`_ installed you can get it from `here`_

.. _maven: https://maven.apache.org/
.. _here: https://maven.apache.org/

From sources
------------

The sources for qOffer_2.0 can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/qbicsoftware/qOffer_2.0

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl -OJL https://github.com/qbicsoftware/qOffer_2.0/tarball/master

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ mvn install

.. _Github repo: https://github.com/qbicsoftware/qOffer_2.0

> .. _tarball: https://github.com/qbicsoftware/qOffer_2.0/tarball/master

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the preferred method to install openbis-client-lib, as it will always install the most recent stable release.

If you don't have `maven`_ installed you can get it from `here`_

.. _maven: https://maven.apache.org/
.. _here: https://maven.apache.org/

From sources
------------

The sources for openbis-client-lib can be downloaded from the `Github repo`_.

You can either clone the public repository:

.. code-block:: console

    $ git clone git://github.com/qbicsoftware/openbis-client-lib

Or download the `tarball`_:

.. code-block:: console

    $ curl -OJL https://github.com/qbicsoftware/openbis-client-lib/tarball/master

Once you have a copy of the source, you can install it with:

.. code-block:: console

    $ mvn install

.. _Github repo: https://github.com/qbicsoftware/openbis-client-lib
.. _tarball: https://github.com/qbicsoftware/openbis-client-lib/tarball/master
```
